Add content to Angular Roadmap - Understanding Basics (#2005)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/102-angular-basics/100-angularjs-vs-angular.md

> # AngularJS vs Angular
> 
> ## AngularJS
> 
> AngularJS is a toolset for building the framework which is most suited to our application development. It is fully extendable and works fine with the other libraries.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angularjs.org/'>AngularJS Website</BadgeLink>
> 
> ## Angular 
> 
> Angular is a component based front-end development framework built on TypeScript which includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that include features like routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angular.io/start'>Official - Getting started with Angular</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AngularJS vs. Angular

AngularJS was the older version of Angular, whose support officially ended in January 2022. Angular is a component-based front-end development framework built on TypeScript, which includes a collection of well-integrated libraries that include features like routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angularjs.org/'>AngularJS Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://angular.io/start'>Official - Getting started with Angular</BadgeLink>
```
